docs(volume): description for storageclass node selector setting (#591)
longhorn/website: content/docs/1.4.0/volumes-and-nodes/storage-tags.md

### Kubernetes

> Use Kubernetes StorageClass setting to specify tags to schedule replicas only on the matching nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use Kubernetes StorageClass setting to specify tags.
```
I removed `to schedule replicas only on the matching nodes.`, because this section is not just for node but also disk.

Author: Yes, I think it can be achieved if setting the label like `disk=ssd`.  So I will follow the comment to remove the words.

> When installing with Helm, the default configuration can be enabled by editing `persistence.defaultNodeSelector` in [values.yaml](https://github.com/longhorn/longhorn/blob/v{{< current-version >}}/chart/values.yaml).
> 
> ```yaml
> defaultNodeSelector:
>   enable: true # disable by default
>       selector: "storage,fast"
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When installing with Helm, the nodeSelector setting of the default storage class `longhorn` can be enabled by editing `persistence.defaultNodeSelector` in [values.yaml](https://github.com/longhorn/longhorn/blob/v{{< current-version >}}/chart/values.yaml).

```yaml
defaultNodeSelector:
  enable: true
      selector: "storage,fast"
```
```

### Kubernetes

> Use Kubernetes StorageClass setting to specify tags to schedule replicas only on the matching nodes.

Reviewer 2: NIT: `setting` -> `option`/`parameter`
Similar below

Author: Got it, I replaced the word `setting` with `parameter` or `field` to avoid misunderstandings.

In addition, I created a ticket ([#4776](https://github.com/longhorn/longhorn/issues/4776)) to document the storage class parameters and how to modify them.

Reviewer 2: OK. You can describe each parameters of the StorageClass in the new ticket. But it's better to mention how to add `nodeSelector` for the **existing** default StorageClass here as I mentioned.

Author: Got it. I will add the way with using `nodeSelector` field in this page. Thank you.

Author: @shuo-wu  I've added an example of `nodeSelector` to try to make it clear how to use this parameter. Thank you.

### Kubernetes

Use Kubernetes StorageClass parameters to specify tags.

> For example, edit the config map named `longhorn-storageclass` and add parameter `nodeSelector: "storage,fast"`. Here is an example snippet:

Reviewer 2: ```
You can specify tags in the default Longhorn StorageClass by adding parameter `nodeSelector: "storage,fast"` in the ConfigMap named `longhorn-storageclass`. 
For example:
```

```yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: ConfigMap
data:
  storageclass.yaml: |
    kind: StorageClass
    apiVersion: storage.k8s.io/v1
    metadata:
      name: longhorn
      annotations:
        storageclass.kubernetes.io/is-default-class: "true"
    provisioner: driver.longhorn.io
    allowVolumeExpansion: true
    reclaimPolicy: "Delete"
    volumeBindingMode: Immediate
    parameters:
      numberOfReplicas: "3"
      staleReplicaTimeout: "480"
      diskSelector: "ssd"

>       nodeSelector: "storage,fast"

Reviewer 2: Retain the comment at the end of this example:
```
If Longhorn is installed via Helm, you can achieve that by editing `persistence.defaultNodeSelector` in [values.yaml](https://github.com/longhorn/longhorn/blob/v{{< current-version >}}/chart/values.yaml).
```

Author: Thanks a lot for your suggestion, I have revised the description. Thank you so much!

### Kubernetes

Use Kubernetes StorageClass parameters to specify tags.

> When installing with Helm, the nodeSelector field of the default storage class `longhorn` can be enabled by editing `persistence.defaultNodeSelector` in [values.yaml](https://github.com/longhorn/longhorn/blob/v{{< current-version >}}/chart/values.yaml). Here are the steps as an example to deploy an Nginx pod with log data stored on specific node.

Reviewer 2: NIT: This works for the Helm-installed Longhorn only. 

The most straightforward way is always editing the ConfigMap `longhorn-storageclass` in namespace `longhorn-system`.

Author: I have modified the way to add parameter of storage class with editing configmap named `longhorn-storageclass` directly. Please have a look to review the latest submit. Thank you.

> 

Reviewer 2: ```
For example:
```
